Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#326)
vdaas/vald: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Before filing an issue

> If you are unsure whether you have found a bug, please consider asking in the [vald slack](https://vald-community.slack.com/messages/CN1RDC8NB) first. If the behavior you are seeing is confirmed as a bug or issue, it can easily be re-raised in the issue tracker.

Reviewer: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-suggestion-blue.svg?style=flat-square)
The link to Vald Slack should be the invitation link.
```suggestion
If you are unsure whether you have found a bug, please consider asking in the [Vald Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/vald-community/shared_invite/zt-db2ky9o4-R_9p2sVp8xRwztVa8gfnPA) first. If the behavior you are seeing is confirmed as a bug or issue, it can easily be re-raised in the issue tracker.
```

Author: thx. I'll fix

## Filing issues

> 

Reviewer: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-imo-orange.svg?style=flat-square)
The link in L13 should also be the invitation link. and notated as "the security channel in Vald Slack".

4. What did you expect to see?
5. What did you see instead?

Note:
When you'd like to contribute with the new feature of some large update influencing the current Vald, we recommend getting the agreement through the authors' design review of your ISSUE.

> ## Before contributing code

Reviewer 2: suggest adding a link to the coding guideline in this section

Author: I think we should add after #320 is merged, how do you think?

Reviewer 2: you are right, then I will include this changes in #320

Author: thanks !

Name your branches with prefixes: `[type]/[area]/[description]`

* `type` = feature, bug, refactoring, benchmark, security, documentation, dependencies, ci, ...
* `area` (\*) = gateway, meta, manager-backup, manager-replication, ...
* `description` = branch description. description must be hyphenated.

> (\*) If you changed multiple areas, please list up each area with "-".

Reviewer: Thanks. i didn't noticed about it. :+1:
